911: 9-1-1 emergency.
NURSE: This is [redacted] calling from Life Care Center in Kirkland.
911: Mhmm.
NURSE: Yeah, we have a patient here. She's been diagnosed with pneumonia. So now she's running a temp and she has a negative for flu
So we think that she might-- This is the place that-- chances of coronavirus.
911: Mhmm
NURSE: Yeah. You know, the Evergreen Hospital.
911: OK.
NURSE: Yes. So can you tell the person that you need to be in contact gear and droplet gear, please.
911: I'm sorry. Can you repeat that last part?
NURSE: Can you please tell the person, whoever is coming, you know, to have a contact and droplet precautions.
911: Ok. She's having-- how old is she?
NURSE: How old is she-- Sorry-- Date of birth is [redacted] 1940.
911: Okay, is she awake right now?
NURSE: Yes she's awake.
911: OK. OK. And sorry, what were her symptoms?
NURSE: Fever and de-satting.
911: I'm sorry what was the last one?.
NURSE: Desaturated-- oxygen desaturation.
911: OK. OK.
911: Do you know if she traveled to China in the past 14 days?
NURSE: Hm?
911: Do you know if you traveled to
China in the past 14 days?
NURSE: Oh, no, she hasn't gone anywhere.
911: OK. And you said that she has-- Do you know if she's been in contact with anyone who...?
NURSE: Not that I know of. I mean, all I know is that this place--
911: You guys had a confirmed case of coronavirus, okay.
NURSE: Yeah, so we just want to be really cautious.
911: Alrighty, alright, I'll let the
aid crew know thank you.
NURSE: OK. Thank you.
911: You're welcome. Bye Bye
[Background talk on 911 dispatcher line, while phone rings back to Life Care Center].
LCC: Good afternoon, Life Care, this is [redacted], how may I help you?
911: Hi, I was just speaking with an
RN about a patient in room [redacted].
LCC: Let me transfer you.
911: Thank you.
LCC: [Hold music, phone ringing].
[911 dispatcher hangs up after voicemail answers, dials again, is placed on hold and hangs up].
[911 Dispatcher calls back a third time]
LCC: Life Care Center of Kirkland, this [redacted], how may I help you?
911: Hi, this is 9-1-1 again. I've been trying to get a hold of [redacted], but I need the patient in room [redacted] to have a mask on and out into fresh air so the aid
crew can pick her up.
LCC: OK, um-- hold on.
LCC (off-phone): What do you need? I got it.
LCC (off-phone): [Redacted] needs to get the patient out into fresh air with a mask so 911 can pick them up.
LCC (off-phone): What resident?
LCC (off-phone): They didn't gIve me a name.
LCC: Do you have a name?
911: I know her first name is [redacted]. She's in room [redacted]. Yes.
LCC: Yes. Yes. Thank you. She's on the way out.
911: OK, with a mask?
LCC: Yes.
911r: OK.